Retry on backend error (#124)
iegomez/mosquitto-go-auth: README.md

If `log_dest` or `log_file` are invalid, or if there's an error opening the file (e.g. no permissions), logging will default to `stderr`.

#### Retry

By default, if backend had an error (and no other backend granted access), an error is returned to Mosquitto.

It's possible to enable retry, which will immediately retry all configured backends. This could be useful if the
backend may be behind a load-balancer (like HTTP backend) and one instance may fail:

```
auth_opt_retry_count 2
```

> The above example will do up to 2 retry (3 call in total) if backend had an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above example will do up to 2 retries (3 calls in total considering the original one) if the responsible backend had an error or was down while performing the check.
```
